hi this is mark with north shore
commercial door comm we're gonna have a
little Tech Talk today and today we're
going to talk about bottom weather seal
replacement kits and the reason that we
have a replacement kit is in the early
80s the garage door industry
transitioned from wood doors to steel
doors the major national manufacturers
as well as the small or regional
manufacturers designed their own weather
stripping to go on the bottom of the
doors well unfortunately what has
occurred over time is some of those
people have gone out of business
some have merged with other people and
some of the manufacturers have
redesigned the product to remove some
cost from the product to make it more
advantageous to you so unfortunately
there are some weather stripping's for
steel doors that you just can't get
anymore so what we wanted to do was to
have a product that we could sell to you
so that you can keep your door nice and
weatherstrip so what we have have here
is a product that we use a retainer
which attaches to the bottom of the door
and it did once you have attached this
to the bottom of the door you're going
to slide the seal into here and just
give you a little tip to make this a
little easier put a little soap and
water on the seal and then get somebody
to help you it's a lot easier if you
have somebody clean it in on one end and
somebody else pulling it across the door
but when it's done it's going to put a
nice round resilient seal at the bottom
of the door then when pressure is
applied to it squeezes it down and keep
some Sun that Sun but when rain and dust
out of your garage we also send with the
kit these self-drilling screws that will
allow you to attach it to the bottom of
the door now you'll notice this is a
short piece this is what we actually
send we send if
four foot six inch piece that can be
readily and inexpensively shipped by UPS
so your your kit if you buy a nine foot
wide kit which is a single kit is going
to give you two four foot six inch
pieces and our eighteen foot kit you're
going to get four four foot six inch
piece of the steel that goes into it is
going to come all in one piece and we'll
cut that a little longer you'll have
actually a little bit more material than
you need and that should be able to put
your weather seal back on any door that
you would want to I hope that you found
this informative and like all of the
products that we sell if you wish to
call the office and have a discussion
about your specific needs feel free to
call
you